update project description and verification doc links (#201)
carbonplan/blog: posts/lithos-first-issuance.md

## The facts of the issuance

> According to the [verification report](https://github.com/carbonplan/lithos-issuance/blob/c9545196f6d7db2e069f6770da358806bb6f8fe1/issuance-docs/Lithos%20Carbon%20Inc_Lithos%20Carbon%20Mid%20West%20Facility_606367_FOA_MP1_Report_Redacted.pdf) filed with Puro, the Lithos Mid-West Facility began applying basalt dust to agricultural fields in Wisconsin and Michigan in June 2024. The project applied 15,676.06 tonnes of basalt to 361.38 hectares, and claims it achieved 2,990.6 tCO₂ of gross carbon removal over a one-year monitoring period ([Table 8](https://github.com/carbonplan/lithos-issuance/blob/c9545196f6d7db2e069f6770da358806bb6f8fe1/issuance-docs/Lithos%20Carbon%20Inc_Lithos%20Carbon%20Mid%20West%20Facility_606367_FOA_MP1_Report_Redacted.pdf)). After subtracting lifecycle emissions and downstream losses to calculate net carbon removal, that resulted in an issuance of 2,362 credits for the first year of operation and monitoring.

Reviewer: you could also link directly to the PDF rather than to ~clunky GitHub PDF reader
```suggestion
According to the [verification report](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/carbonplan/lithos-issuance/c9545196f6d7db2e069f6770da358806bb6f8fe1/issuance-docs/Lithos%20Carbon%20Inc_Lithos%20Carbon%20Mid%20West%20Facility_606367_FOA_MP1_Report_Redacted.pdf) filed with Puro, the Lithos Mid-West Facility began applying basalt dust to agricultural fields in Wisconsin and Michigan in June 2024. The project applied 15,676.06 tonnes of basalt to 361.38 hectares, and claims it achieved 2,990.6 tCO₂ of gross carbon removal over a one-year monitoring period ([Table 8](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/carbonplan/lithos-issuance/c9545196f6d7db2e069f6770da358806bb6f8fe1/issuance-docs/Lithos%20Carbon%20Inc_Lithos%20Carbon%20Mid%20West%20Facility_606367_FOA_MP1_Report_Redacted.pdf)). After subtracting lifecycle emissions and downstream losses to calculate net carbon removal, that resulted in an issuance of 2,362 credits for the first year of operation and monitoring.
```
